Efficiently controlled ops conjugation (#8023)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * A new :func:`~.change_basis_op` function and :class:`~.ops.op_math.ChangeOpBasis` were added,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new :func:`~.ops.op_math.change_basis_op` function and :class:`~.ops.op_math.ChangeOpBasis` were added,
```

> * A new :func:`~.ops.op_math.change_basis_op` function and :class:`~.ops.op_math.ChangeOpBasis` were added,

Reviewer: Not sure why `change_basis_op` refuses to link properly in the RtD preview 🤔 
```suggestion
* A new :func:`~.ops.op_math.change_basis_op` function and :class:`~.ops.op_math.ChangeOpBasis` class were added,
```

> * New `change_basis_op` function added, which allows a compute, uncompute pattern like U V U† to be represented
>   by a single operator.
>   [(#8023)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8023)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new :func:`~.change_basis_op` function and :class:`~.ops.op_math.ChangeOpBasis` were added,
  which allow a compute-uncompute pattern (U V U†) to be represented by a single operator.
  [(#8023)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8023)
```

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * New `~.ChangeOpBasis` class added, which allows a compute, uncompute pattern like U V U† to be represented

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* New `change_basis_op` function added, which allows a compute, uncompute pattern like U V U† to be represented
```

> * New `~.ChangeOpBasis` class added, which allows a compute, uncompute pattern like U V U† to be represented

Author: :/

>   by a single operator that inherits from `~.CompositeOp`. A corresponding decomposition rule has been added to

Reviewer 2: The "CompositeOp" piece of information is an implementation detail and shouldn't matter. Doesn't need to be part of the changelog description.

Author: Ok, thanks

  support controlling the pattern by simply controlling the middle (target) operator and not U or U†.
  [(#8023)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8023)

>   [(#8070)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8070)

Author: Sometimes when the PRs are built on top of each other we have done it this way, just adding the docs in one of them.
